# Request and Review Letter
__Course CSE 250__
__Kylar Sorensen__

## What I Have Learned
Prior to this class I only had a basic understanding of Python, so the biggest thing I learned from this class was simply more about Python. I also became much more comfortable using Python. I also learned how to create, edit, and use data frames to answer questions. One thing that I was surprised to get out of this class was how to effectively communicate results to a client through the client reports. Along with that knowledge came the ability to produce quality charts, tables, and graphs to illustrate to the client the information that was gained from the data frames. I also learned how to clean up data and prepare it for more efficient and effective use within a data frame. Furthermore, I learned how to prepare the data frame to be used in machine learning to create predictive models. Finally, and for me most importantly, I learned that I have a love for data science and using data frames and databases to answer questions and come to conclusions. This has made me reconsider potential career paths for my future.

## Next Data Science Course
According to my current graduation plan, the next data science class I will take will be Big Data Programming & Analytics (DS 460) in Spring of 2023; however, this is subject to change. Currently, I am registered as a student at BYU-I while taking all my classes online. Currently, the degree I am pursuing does not have all the necessary classes available online. this leaves me with two options: one, I can transfer to BYU-Pathway to consider classes online, but I would have to change my degree as my current degree is not available through Pathway. The second option would be to continue as a BYU-I Online student and just pick a new degree that is available 100% online; however, with COVID-19 no longer being such a problem, many classes are no longer being offered online, making this a problematic option. Most likely, I will be transferring to Pathway and changing my major, which will alter the classes I take in the future.

## Grade Requested
Out of the 6 projects from this course, I scored a 5 on all but one, in which I scored a 4.5, for a total of 34.5/35. On all mid-project checkpoints, I had full credit, for a total of 28/28. Likewise, I scored 100% on all the methods and calculations checkpoints, for a total of 28/28. Unfortunately, I was not able to participate much in the data science community due to lack of Zoom meetings. I am confident that I will score at least a 3 in the coding challenge. With all this in mind, I request an A.
